Too hot?
A little.
Ah.
Why don't you specify
a lower temperature?
No, no, no, no.
Coffee should be a little
too hot to drink right away.
Why?
It, uh, slows down
the experience,
gives you time
to savor the taste.
Ah, yes...
taste.
Odo, I know you don't
need to eat, but did you
ever try it anyway?
Once.
Not long after I was
first able to assume
the humanoid form.
And?
And since I don't
have taste buds,
it was very
unsatisfying...
not to mention messy.
Messy?!
I'd rather not
talk about it.
Major Kira.
MALE:
Tiron.
How nice to see you again.
You left Quark's last
night, just when
I was about to buy
everyone another round.
that you didn't say good-bye
I was devastated
and we were having such
a pleasant conversation.
As I recall, you were the one
doing all the talking.
you have me at a disadvantage.
Well, in that case,
know next to nothing about you.
You know all about me and I
Uh... perhaps I
should be going.
Oh, no. Stay.
This is Tiron,
a business associate
of Quark's.
This is Odo...
my lover.
Well...
you're a very lucky man.
I'm a lucky woman.
Yes... we're both very lucky.
And you make a most...
interesting couple.
what is it that you do?
So, Mr. Odo,
I'm Chief of Security
on this station.
Oh.
A station this size,
a very challenging job.
it must be
I hope you're well compensated.
Oh, money doesn't matter.
All we need is each other.
Isn't that right...
sweetheart?
Yes...
sweetheart.
KIRA:
You see,
money isn't everything.
but it can buy everything.
Oh, no,
Well, I'm afraid
I must be going.
Good-bye.
Oh, good riddance.
Thank you, Odo.
Wish you'd been
around last night.
I better get back to Ops.
See you later,
sweetheart.
Stardate 48423.2.
Commander's Log,
Despite the continuing threat
posed by the Dominion,
I've convinced Starfleet
that we must continue
of the Gamma Quadrant.
our exploration
I've run a preliminary
analysis of our sensor sweeps
and the second planet
in the Kylata system
is definitely M-Class.
DAX:
I wish we'd had time
to beam down to the surface
and take a closer look.
Yeah, but I'd hate
to have run into
a Jem'Hadar patrol
while we were down
there picking flowers.
SISKO:
Fortunately,
there's no sign
of any Dominion activity
in this sector.
And let's hope
it stays that way.
I'm picking up very unusual
gravimetric distortions
in the Trialus system.
Any idea what's
causing them?
It's hard to tell
at this range.
Let's take
a closer look.
The system's coming
into visual range.
On screen.
The gravimetric distortions
are intensifying,
but they don't
seem to be coming
from the star itself.
could they be coming from?
But where else
There aren't any planets
in this system.
( deep rumbling )
There are now.
The planet seems to have settled
into a stable orbit.
But where did
it come from?
Could the entire planet
have been cloaked?
O'BRIEN:
If it was, there should be
residual ionization traces
but I'm not reading any.
Commander, we're being scanned.
The beam is coming
from a settlement
on the southern hemisphere.
I'm reading approximately
30 humanoid inhabitants.
They seem to be the only
humanoids on the planet.
They're hailing us.
Open a channel.
I'm Commander Benjamin Sisko
of the Federation Starbase
Deep Space 9.
I am Seltin Rakal of Meridian.
We were studying the star system
when your planet appeared.
as something of a surprise.
I expect it must have come
Well, you could say that.
It seemed to come
out of nowhere.
Not nowhere, Commander,
that intersects with this one.
but from a dimension
I could explain
if you're interested.
more in detail,
to sit down for First Meal.
We were just about
Why don't you join us?
We'd like that.
I just need to know
your planet is not
going to disappear
in the middle of dessert.
Don't worry.
We'll be here for a while.
( laughter and conversation )
( playing quiet chiming melody)
It's good to be together
RAKAL:
around this table again
after so long.
we're fortunate to have visitors
What's more,
to share First Meal with us.
I was admiring...
your markings.
Are they decorative?
No. Are yours?
No.
If you don't mind
my asking...
how far down
do they go?
All the way.
Ah.
You're not
eating, Commander.
I guess my curiosity is
bigger than my appetite.
I hope we can
satisfy both.
Hmm.
Well, you were saying
Meridian emerged
from a dimension that
intersects with this one?
Yes.
You see, our planet
has a dual existence.
It shifts between this
dimension and another.
What causes
these shifts?
Well, we're not
entirely sure.
Deral has been studying
the phenomenon.
With only limited
success, I'm afraid.
My theory is that the
dimensional shifts are caused
by fluctuations in
Meridian's quantum matrix--
fluctuations that are somehow
triggered by our own sun.
What's it like,
this dimension of yours?
It's hard
to explain.
It's... without form.
We exist as pure
consciousness.
And Meridian?
It becomes
noncorporeal as well,
but when we return
to this dimension,
everything is just
as we left it--
the buildings, the
trees, even our bodies.
that when you return here,
Are you saying
it's as if no time has passed?
We only age when we're
in corporeal form.
Sounds like this
other dimension
has its advantages.
DERAL:
Yes...
but we always look
forward to this existence
and its many pleasures.
Oh, here, let me
help you with that.
The trick is to
scoop out the pulp
and eat the thin layer
inside the rind.
Here, try some.
It's delicious.
Especially
if you've been
looking forward to it
for 60 years.
Mm-hmm.
60 years?
Huh. That's a long time
between meals.
( buzz of conversation )
A glass
of Andorian ale.
Done so soon?
You were barely
in the holosuite ten minutes.
There was no reason for me
to stay the full hour.
I understand.
It's a very...
effective program.
On the contrary,
I found it to be
quite dull-- boring,
boring, boring!
I'm sorry to hear
you say that, but
if you're asking
for a refund, forget it.
The contract specifically
says that satisfaction
is not guaranteed.
But... for a valued customer
such as yourself,
I'll make an exception,
and allow you to try
a different program...
no extra charge.
Let's see.
Something
a little bit more...
unique?
Oh, I have just the thing--
the Pleasure Goddess of Rixx."
"A picnic with
I can even provide real food,
for a small fee, of course.
and the food here is abominable.
I don't like picnics, Quark,
Forget the food.
had a picnic like this one.
Believe me, you've never
is not in your catalog.
What I want
and I'll order it for you.
Well, tell me what it is
but, if it exists, I'll get it.
It may take some time,
That's just the point, Quark.
The program I want
doesn't exist.
Not yet, anyway.
A custom program...
it'll be expensive.
Oh, for that kind of money,
you can move into a holosuite.
Now, what is it you want?
I want...
Major Kira.
Kir...
with Kira in a holosuite?
What are you going to do
No... don't tell me.
I don't want to know.
It isn't going to be easy.
Can you do it?
I'll have to get her
into the holosuite
and she hates holosuites.
and record her image,
Spare me the details.
take my business elsewhere?
Do we have a deal or do I
Consider it done.
Now, I'll just keep this...
Payment on delivery
and not a moment sooner.
Don't disappoint me, Quark.
When I walk into that holosuite
and I see Kira standing there...
I'd better believe
it's really her.
Leave it to me.
Mm-hmm.
The things I do for money.
Just beyond that forest,
there's a garden
with a small pond.
It sounds lovely.
( chuckles ):
It is.
Deral, our scans show
that there are
only about 30 of you
on this entire planet.
Well, there were
never many of us.
We're the descendants
of an expedition
that was stranded here
millennia ago.
And your population hasn't
increased since then?
It did for a time,
but over the last
few centuries,
our numbers have dwindled.
You see, we only reproduce
when we're in humanoid form,
and our time here
keeps growing shorter.
In 12 days, Meridian will shift
back to its noncorporeal state.
And remain there
for the next 60 years.
Eventually, we will only be here
for a matter of minutes.
Meridian will be too unstable
When that happens,
to successfully shift back
to the other dimension.
And then what happens?
and all its inhabitants
The planet
will cease to exist...
in either dimension.
We deeply appreciate
your offer of help, Commander.
If there is a way to stabilize
the dimensional shifts,
we'll do everything
we can to find it.
That's all
we can ask.
Aha. Here you go.
Do you want to play
vajhaq with us?
Maybe later.
Deral and I are beaming
up to the Defiant.
We're going to run a series
of helio-seismic scans
on the Meridian sun.
I'll join you.
Good luck.
Dabo!
Quark.
I got a message that Morn
wanted to see me.
I'm afraid you
just missed him.
Really?
So soon?
with me, please?
Would you come
Listen up, everyone.
I have wonderful news.
It's my pleasure
to announce
that my one-millionth
customer
just walked
through the door.
And here she is,
ladies and gentlemen,
Major Kira Nerys.
Quark! I don't
have time for this.
Why don't you make him
your one-millionth
customer?
That never stopped you before.
But, Major, that
would be dishonest.
But this is
a special occasion.
An event like this only happens
once in a bar owner's lifetime.
Let me tell you
about your prizes.
You mean, I won something?
Of course, you won something.
It's part of the celebration.
I never won anything before.
Well, now you have.
Congratulations.
Are you really
serious about this?
My customers are
my livelihood, Major.
This is a chance for me
to give something
back to them.
Now, let's see
what we have for you.
A bottle of Kandora champagne,
vintage 2368--
that's a very good year.
free spins at the dabo wheel.
These are good for five
And last but not least,
one free hour in a holosuite
with the program of your choice.
Wait... a visit
to a holosuite?
Offer good today only.
Right this way.
But that's perfect.
It's Ensign
Quintana's birthday.
He'd love a free visit
to the holosuite.
But, Major, what about you?
Oh, you know
how I feel
about the
holosuites, Quark,
but, uh... thanks
for the champagne.
( chuckles )
These are the Defiant's
sensor readings
entered the system.
when we first
at the spectral scan.
Take a look
It indicates
that your sun
was giving off
modulated gamma bursts
right before Meridian
appeared.
My people have no record
of that phenomenon.
That's not surprising,
since Meridian was
in a noncorporeal state
when it occurred.
would seem to indicate
Gamma activity
in your sun's fusion cycle.
an anomaly
Let's find
out for sure.
Chief, I want you
to send a probe
into the sun's corona
to scan the core.
It'll take a minute
to modify the shield
configuration.
How do modulated gamma bursts
cause a dimensional shift?
Do you always do that
when you're
concentrating?
Do what?
Bite your lower lip.
I guess I do.
Probe's ready,
Commander.
Target it to these
coordinates and launch.
Shields are holding.
It's going to be a while
before the probe starts
sending back any telemetry.
Well, I'm sure you have
things you need to do.
Not really.
What a coincidence.
Neither do I.
DERAL:
This isn't turning out
exactly the way I planned.
DAX:
What do you mean?
You've barely
spoken a word
since we left
the settlement.
I don't know if you
noticed or not,
but Seltin didn't
seem too happy
to see us
leave together.
Well, she'd probably
prefer that I was...
walking with
Keshara or Renar.
You see, ever since
my wife died,
everyone's
been wondering
when I was going
to find myself
another companion.
Why haven't you?
I guess I was waiting
for the right woman
to fall out of the sky.
That doesn't
happen too often.
It only had to happen once.
Don't worry about Seltin.
After all, we both know
this is just a...
harmless little walk.
Absolutely.
With a brief stop
to climb a tree.
Come on.
Don't tell me
in eight lifetimes,
you've never
climbed a tree?
That's how I know
I'm afraid of heights.
Well, don't worry.
I won't let you fall.
This is one of
my favorite views.
It's hard to believe
that it all might
be gone in two weeks.
I hope not.
So do I.
( gasps )
We better climb down.
Oh, it's as beautiful
as you described.
I knew you'd like it.
Try one.
Mmm! That's wonderful.
I knew you'd
like that, too.
You know me pretty well
for someone
who just met me.
I'm glad you noticed.
I can't remember the
last time I did this--
stroll through
a garden, climb a tree,
eat fresh berries
by a pond.
What comes next?
I think I'm starting
to remember.
How are the
calculations coming?
I'm checking them now.
They're the same
as before.
There's nothing to indicate
the gamma bursts
are causing
the quantum fluctuations.
Then something else
must be triggering
the dimensional shifts.
Whatever it is,
we'll find it.
Sisko to Dax.
SISKO:
Go ahead, Commander.
Good news.
We've been able to get the probe
down another thousand kilometers
into the sun's corona.
some additional telemetry.
We picked up
I'll download it to you.
Thank you, Chief.
If all that fresh air
and sunshine
start getting to you
back up here to the Defiant.
you're welcome to come
We're managing just fine.
I'm sure you are.
Sisko out.
Don't you want to take
a look at the new telemetry?
I'd rather sit here
and look at you.
How about this?
We work for
a few more hours,
and then we go back
to your room
and count each
other's spots.
Oh, can I go first?
We'll see.
Take a look at the fusion
reactants in the core.
They're out of balance.
That's right, and the
imbalance is building
toward a cascade reaction
on the quantum level.
That's what's triggering
the dimensional shifts.
And if we can stabilize
that reaction...
We can keep
Meridian here longer.
Oh, Jadzia!
I've got to get this
to Commander Sisko
and Chief O'Brien.
And then we can count
each other's spots.
These security
protocols look fine, Odo.
Just let me know...
Odo, move out of there.
QUARK ( quietly ):
You're ruining my shot.
Odo...
Oh, uh, Major...
uh, why is Quark
trying to take
a holo-picture of you?
Looks to me like he's
pointing at both of us.
True, but every time
I stand in front of you,
he seems to get
very upset.
Where are you going?
QUARK:
Uh-oh.
What do you think
you're doing, Quark?
Hah!
Nothing.
Then what's this?
Oh, you mean
this holo-imager.
I was just recording
an image of the Promenade
Hah!
to send home
to my mother.
You're trying to take
a holoscan of me,
and I want to know why.
Of you? Not at all.
You just happened
to get in the frame.
Hah!
Will you stop
doing that?
Not until you start
telling the truth.
You want the truth?
I'll tell you the truth.
I was trying to get
an image of you
for a special holosuite program
I'm designing.
Oh, I can just imagine
what kind of program
that would be.
but you'd be mistaken.
I'm sure you can,
I'm working on a simulation
The fact is,
Operations Center.
of the station's
what goes on up there
People want to know
and they want to
imagine themselves
fending off a
Cardassian attack
of Jem'Hadar ships.
or facing a fleet
Naked, I assume.
Isn't there some petty thief
you can harass?
Just you.
Give the public what they want.
What do you say, Major?
They're not asking for much--
just the chance to work
side by side with you.
Oh, they want to work with me?
to the Bajoran Military Academy.
Well, then let them apply
That way, I can be sure everyone
in Ops is wearing their uniform.
Is that a no?
Well, let me put it
another way--
if I ever catch you pointing
a holo-imager at me again,
you will end up eating it.
( clatters to ground )
Definitely a no.
Jadzia.
I've been
looking for you.
You found me.
I have.
Good news--
it's going to work.
We'll be able
to equalize the time
between
dimensional shifts.
Oh, Jadzia,
that's wonderful.
Do you know what
I'm going to do?
I'm going to build a house
right here.
Nothing extravagant.
Just big enough
for two.
Deral, I...
I know what
you're thinking.
You're thinking this
man that just met me
is talking about
building a home for us.
I realize you have
a life on Deep Space 9,
but now, you'll have
a place here as well...
for when you visit.
I won't be able
to visit for a while.
It's going to take
a long time
to stabilize the sun's
cascade reaction.
How long?
Meridian is going
to shift in five days.
Jadzia...
We'll see each other again.
In 60 years.
I want you with me now.
but there's nothing we can do.
That's what I want, too,
Yes, there is.
I can leave Meridian,
and go back to the
Alpha Quadrant with you.
If you'll have me.
What do you think?
( both laughing )
Deral! We've been
looking for you.
Commander Sisko told us
the great news.
I can't thank you enough
for all you've done.
I'm glad we were able to help.
The next time
Meridian returns here,
we'll have 30 years
for our people to get
to know each other better.
I need to discuss
something with you.
Of course. I've
called a meeting.
Now that we have
a future again,
we need to start
planning for it.
some decisions as well.
And you need to make
to talk to you about.
That's what I want
to talk to is Keshara.
The person you need
She's not going to wait
for you forever, you know.
I was going to speak
to her as well.
I'm glad.
Think of it, Deral--
having families again.
people can start
Eventually, we may have
to expand
the settlement.
As you can
see, Jadzia,
we have a great deal
of planning to do.
Well, I think I've
kept the others
waiting long enough.
Come, let's
get started.
You'd better go inside.
I'll meet you
back at the ship.
I feel sorry for is Quark.
You know, the person
and he were made for each other.
He always thought that you
I don't suppose
he'll be letting you
win at tongo anymore.
What are you talking about?
He doesn't let me win.
Come in.
( door chimes )
Deral.
Well, it's done.
I told Seltin and the others
that I'm leaving Meridian.
Oh, what did they say?
They asked me not to go.
Seltin feels the settlement
can't afford
to lose anyone.
What did you tell her?
I told her I understood
her concern,
but that I've
made up my mind.
So, what were you
two talking about
before I interrupted?
Not me, I hope.
I was just telling Jadzia
Well, actually,
that, uh, not as good a tongo
player as she thinks she is.
Tongo?
It's a game,
and I'm very good at it.
Well, we'll find out
on Tuesday night.
And I want you there
to see for yourself.
I'm going to clean you
and Quark out.
But you just got here.
Jadzia, I have to go.
There are some things
I need to take care of
before we leave Meridian.
Do you need any help?
No, I...
I just have to say
good-bye to some people.
I'll see you
later tonight.
Tiron, I was just
thinking about you.
And I was thinking
about you
and your reputation
as a man who can get
anything for a price.
Stop. You're
embarrassing me.
I'll embarrass
you even more
if you don't get me
my program.
Not to worry.
Is that it?
No.
It's a high-level
decryption protocol.
And I'm using it to get
the final information
I need for your program.
It cost me dearly.
If it works, it's worth
whatever price you paid for it.
I was hoping
you'd say that.
I'll put it
on your bill.
Fine. Just get me
my program.
I'm leaving in two days.
You'll have it,
and I assure you
it'll be well
worth the wait.
I'll stake my
reputation on it.
You already have.
Now...
where to begin, hmm?
You wanted to see me?
ODO:
Yes.
illegally accessing
Someone has been
personnel files--
the station's
your file, to be exact.
Mine?
They've downloaded
your voice print,
your retinal scan,
even your psychiatric
profile.
I've managed to trace the data
path back to its source.
Well, let me guess-- Quark.
Was there any doubt?
Oh, with all this information,
he'd have no problem generating
a holo-image of me.
So, shall I arrest him or would
you prefer to do it yourself?
No, I have a better idea.
Can you spare a few hours?
a little surprise for Quark.
I'd like to prepare
You see, the key
to tongo is to confront
when you're sure you're
in a better position
than the other players.
And if your cards match
the roll of the dice,
then you win.
Deral...
Go on, I'm listening.
You haven't heard a word
I've been saying, have you?
I'm sorry.
I just have so much
on my mind.
You don't want to leave
Meridian, do you?
I said I would and I will.
I know what you said,
but what do you want?
( sighs )
To be with you.
But you're worried
about your people.
There are
so few of us, Jadzia,
and now that Meridian has
a future again, they need me.
Then you have to stay.
And lose you?
No.
What if you didn't
have to lose me?
What if I stayed
here with you?
I wish you could,
but that's not possible.
Your molecular structure
wouldn't survive
the dimensional shift.
We could use a
transporter buffer
to match my quantum
matrix to yours.
But how do you know
that's possible?
Because I discussed
it with Julian
after you left my quarters.
Jadzia...
are you sure you're
willing to do that?
It's the only way
we can be together,
and I don't want
to lose you either.
( door chimes )
Come in.
Benjamin, I was just
finishing up my request
to Starfleet
for my leave of absence.
I bet this is
the first time
anyone has requested
a 60-year leave.
You'll be sure that
it gets to them?
If you're sure that this
is what you really want.
What I really want
is for you to say that
you're happy for me.
I guess I just need to know
that you have thought
this thing through.
If Curzon had told me
with some woman he just met,
he wanted to go off
to talk him out of it, too.
I would have tried
And you would have been right.
He fell in love
with someone new
every other week.
But I'm not Curzon.
No...
and I've never seen
Jadzia do anything
without thinking it
through first.
I am happy for you.
It's just...
I'm going to miss you, old man.
You've been my friend
for two lifetimes.
I can't imagine what
it's going to be like
not having you around.
And leaving Deep Space 9
is the hardest thing
I have ever done,
but I know it's right.
Besides, after eight
lifetimes as a humanoid,
existing as
pure consciousness
might be interesting.
Next time
we see each other,
I'll probably be
a great-grandfather.
( laughing )
Good. Then I can
call you "old man."
I'll look forward to it.
Now, I believe we agreed
I'd be paid on delivery.
I haven't seen
the merchandise yet.
You know, Quark,
as good as you claim,
if this program is
I might just purchase it
from you to use at home.
You have your
own holosuite?
Just a little present
I bought myself.
His very own holosuite.
Hmm.
It's good to have money.
I've been waiting for you.
Quark!
I will ruin you
for this, Quark!
You mean you didn't
like the program?
I don't know how,
I don't know when,
but I will ruin you.
Wait!
What about my money?
Another satisfied
customer, Quark?
How do you feel?
Pretty good, considering
I spent six hours
having my molecules scrambled
in the transporter.
I, um...
I don't know
what to say.
That's a first.
According to Deral's
calculations,
the dimensional shift
should occur
within the next 47 minutes.
Do you think
you'll be done
overhauling
the station
by the next time
I see you?
I doubt it.
Tell Quark I'll
be back to collect
of gold latinum he owes me,
the three strips
with 60 years' interest.
Energize.
I was beginning to think
you were having
second thoughts.
No, just saying good-bye.
You missed Last Meal.
I saved you
some of these.
Thank you.
Jadzia, I just
wanted you to know
how happy we are you've
decided to join us.
Thank you.
Everyone's beginning
to gather.
It's almost time.
Is there anything I need
to do to prepare?
Not that
I can think of.
What if I just hold onto you?
After all, we're not
going to be together again
like this for a long time,
and... I was just
getting used to this.
We'll still be
together, Jadzia...
in a way you
can't even imagine.
There she goes.
Good-bye, Jadzia.
Something's wrong.
intense seismic activity
Commander, I'm reading
throughout the planet's crust.
It better shift soon or it's
going to tear itself apart.
Jadzia.
I'm picking up
some kind of singularity
in the planet's
quantum matrix.
It's interfering
with the dimensional shift.
almost like an anchor.
It's functioning
Commander, it's Dax.
destabilizing the matrix.
Her presence there is
Sisko to Dax.
( gasping )
Get her out of there, Chief.
( door chime )
I thought you'd
like to know
that Meridian
shifted normally
once we beamed you away.
Ah... good.
Jadzia...
I'm sorry.
Benjamin, don't.
There's nothing
you can do.
Uh, I just need
some time.
Just 60 years or so.